We just learn how to navigate throughout our application using the link component and the history property
that we get from RAC router Dom.
Now how would we actually go about setting up our menu item so that it allows us to navigate to different
pages.
More specifically we want to use our hearts menu item to navigate to our new hearts page.
Well one of the caveats of using those properties that we get from root which is the match the history
and the location property is that we actually only get access to them from the first component that
gets passed into our route.
So even though directory and menu item are children of our home page component only our home page component
gets access to the history prop that we need because it's the home page component that we're passing
into root so root only passes it.
One child in which is its child.
So our homepage one solution we could do is we can pass these props down into our directory.
We could pass the history into our directory and then we can pass that history from our directory down
into our menu item
this stop prop start history.
And by doing so our menu item now has access to the history in its props.
The problem with doing it this way is that this is actually a bad pattern called Prop tunnelling because
work tunneling these props multiple children deep in order to get them to the component that needs them.
But the children in between don't actually need the history property for any reason other than to pass
it to their children.
Now luckily there is a solution that RAC router Dom provides us that allows us to not have to do this
so let's take a look.
So first let's undo
prop tunneling code that we just wrote.
We don't need that either.
And what we're gonna use is actually a another component from react router Dom.
And this component is called with the router
now what with router is is it's a higher order component and a higher order component is essentially
a function that takes a component as an argument and which turns you a modified component.
So just like how our menu item is a function that takes props and renders out a component a higher order
component is a function that takes any component and modifies it in some way and then returns you that
new modified component.
So it's kind of like a function that gives you back a powered up component.
In this case where POWERING UP OUR MENU ITEM component to have access to those things related to our
router.
So what we would do is we just pass are not history.
We just pass our menu item component into this.
With router and with router will then return us back with the same name of this menu item right.
What we're.
Whatever it is that we're explaining by default it will return us back a super powered menu item component
with access now to those location match and history prompts that we need access to.
So by wrapping now we now have access to history
and what we want to do with history is we want to wrap our whole div items so that on click we're gonna
push history not push to some euro.
Now how do we do this.
Well what we want to be able to do is have these you are all ideas almost beat dynamically generated
as well because we know that where we're going is going to be the hearts page so we know that our route
needs a Hasbro right.
So what we can do for now just a hardcoded is we can go into our directory component and add a You are
all parameter here like a link of sorts right.
Link you URL and we're just going to set this to hearts so after this we want to add the same value
but to every other section.
But for now we'll just keep it as an empty string because we don't actually have those other routes
set up yet.
Now we're going to pass this link url into our menu item.
And it is on our section right that we're mapping through but because we're at we're getting more and
more verbose it's very easy for us to just do this again link you URL and then to pass it in as Link
URL but you'll notice that these keys that we're de structuring off are essentially equivalent to the
exact same property name that we're also passing in to our menu item.
So there's actually a little yes 6 trick we can do by spreading the rest of these values together that
we don't need for key because I.D. We're not actually passing an I.D. we can remove that and then set
the rest of them as section prompt or other section prompts and now we can spread those values in like
this.
And this is equivalent to us writing out what we did before by spreading these values through.
We're saying that every other key value pair we want to pass in where the key of title goes to the value
of men's.
So this is equivalent to us having done that
and now in our menu item we will have access to the link to Earl which we now want to push however we
also don't know in our menu item where in our directory we will be.
So what we can do is we can take the match
as well and just like in our demonstration earlier we can do match.
Got you Earl in to
link you Earl and now if we save this we should see if we click our hearts page.
It navigates us to our hearts page and if we were to change our you URL at any point our component is
still fully aware and functional because it knows that it's just going to base where it's been matched
up to and then append the euro.
And with that we have some basic navigation setup inside of our menu item component.
So now with this in mind let's commit our code so let's see what we have to commit so we have to now
update our menu items to navigate
router HFC.
Now we're going to explore this concept of higher order component further.
A little later when we write our own but for now just remember our higher order component is just a
function that takes another component as an argument transforms it into another component and returns
that transformed component out of itself so we'll definitely explore that further.
But for now just think about it simply like that.
So let's get push origin master our code and let's move on to the next lesson.